hi this is Kibo and this is the review
for sync cloth myth number two shiryu
which is the dragon cloth version 2 this
was made by Bandai in 2000 2003 in
December just to get this out of the way
there was a rien or release of all 5
version 2 bronze Saints in December of
2007 the difference is that they did
change the color a little bit so as you
see here this is a green and the rien
was actually a more blueish green so
here's the box and the back show you
what looks like inside got the figure
most of the armors and these are just
additional chest pieces and for the same
cloth so here's the manual
and here's what the trails like
so as you see the manual only folds once
and this is because this is the Hong
Kong version other than the sticker on
the front of the box the other
difference between the Japan and Hong
Kong versions that the Hong Kong version
only has this one piece which folds once
and the Japan version has one that kind
of folds like two or three times so once
I get to a Japanese one out show you
what it looks like so here is the object
mode for the Dragon
I'm going to put it on shear you but I'm
going to speed up because I have a time
limit on YouTube
so there you have it for the shiryu
dragon cloth this is plastic this is
plastic these are all plastic right here
the armor itself is metal this one the
shield is metal and this protectors
metal the shin guards and the knee thing
is metal so it's a majority metal but
the plastics are really flimsy as you
saw I had trouble like putting on the
armor cuz it kept popping out and this
is what it looks like
thanks for watching go mange